Fix metrics bucket key high cardinality (#8761)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/migration/v2.md

In `v2.6`, the [Kubernetes Gateway API provider](../providers/kubernetes-gateway.md) now only supports the version [v1alpha2](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/v1alpha2/guides/getting-started/) of the specification and 
[route namespaces](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/v1alpha2/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1alpha2.RouteNamespaces) selectors, which requires Traefik to fetch and watch the cluster namespaces.
Therefore, the [RBAC](../reference/dynamic-configuration/kubernetes-gateway.md#rbac) and [CRD](../reference/dynamic-configuration/kubernetes-gateway.md#definitions) definitions must be updated.

## v2.6.0 to v2.6.1

> For the metrics,
> if the HTTP method verb on a request is not one defined in the set of common methods for [`HTTP/1.1`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods)
> or the [`PRI`](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7540#section-11.6) verb (for `HTTP/2`),
> then the metric for this request is stored in the `EXTENSION_METHOD` bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `v2.6.1`, the metrics system does not support any more custom HTTP method verbs to prevent potential metrics cardinality overhead.
In consequence, for metrics having the method label,
if the HTTP method verb of a request is not one defined in the set of common methods for [`HTTP/1.1`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods)
or the [`PRI`](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7540#section-11.6) verb (for `HTTP/2`),
the value for the method label becomes `EXTENSION_METHOD`, instead of the request's one.
```
